>> I want you to meet my friends,
Jonas and Lucas,
the instructors of this specialization.
>> Hi, everyone.
>> Welcome to the specialization.
>> I know Jonas for many years.
He is an instructor at
Stanford University and
has also helped me create
the deep learning specialization.
Over the years, Jonas unice has taught
hundreds of students learning AI and
machine learning and NLP and
other topics for the first time and
he's also mentor students on a huge
variety of AI related projects.
So I really thrilled to have you with us.
>> Thanks for the introduction and
it is always great working with you.
>> Lucas is a member of the Google Brain
team where he does research on deep
learning and NLP.
So everything from machine translation
to parsing, he is the co-author
of Google's TensorFlow system as
well as of the transformer network.
And so his work has had a huge
influence on all of NLP and AI.
I'm really excited to also have Lucas
as an instructor of the specialization.
>> Thanks for the introduction, Andrew.
>> Jonas and Lucas will walk
you through the most important
concepts in natural language processing.
NLP has changed a lot over
the last several decades.
The view has started off using primarily
rule-based systems where someone might
code of a rule like you see the word good,
then assume this is a positive customer
review to then using probabilistic
systems that perform much better.
But still require a lot of hand
engineering to know where NLP
relies much more on machine learning and
deep learning.
>> More recently with the rise of
powerful computers, we can now
train end-to-end systems that would have
been impossible to train a few years ago.
We can now capture more complicated
patterns and we can use these models
in question answering in chatbots,
and then other applications.
>> Many of these applications
are built with attention models,
which you are going to learn
in this specialization.
A few years ago, these models would
take weeks or even months to train.
But with attention, you can train
these models in just a few hours.
>> In this specialization, you learn
to build NLP technologies including
the same technologies as what's deployed
in many large commercial systems.
In the first course, you learn about
classification and vector spaces.
Jonas, can you tell us a bit
about the first course?
>> Sure, in course one, you will learn to
distinguish between pieces of text with
positive sentiments and
negative sentiments.
You will do so using logistic
regression and naive Bayes classifiers.
You will also learn to represent words,
queries and
documents including other pieces
of text as numbers in vectors.
You will build your first
machine translation system and
you will learn about locality sensitive
hashing which is just a method,
that will help you with efficient search.
>> Thanks Jonas.
After the first course, you then go on
to the second course in which you learn
probabilistic models in NLP.
So these are things like given a few
words, what is the probability of the next
word being the word the versus of,
verus something else.
So these are algorithms that all of
us are maybe using almost every day.
And in this specialization, you will learn
how to build these algorithms yourself.
After the first two courses with
the foundation that I gives you,
you then go on to the third course
which teaches you sequence models.
And finally, in the fourth course,
you learn about attention models and
this will take you up to
say to the art NLP models
useful things like chatbots question
answering and text summarization.
Jonas, you want to say
a few words about that?
>> By the time you complete scores for,
you will be able to implement state of
the art neural machine translation,
summarization, question answering and
chatbots.
We will show you how you
can combine attention and
parallel computing to build these
systems from the ground up.
These models have high impact in industry.
They could be used, for example,
to automate call centers or
businesses can use them to make
sense of large volumes of data.
>> I'm really excited for everyone to
get started to take these courses,
learn these technologies and
to go build some great NLP systems.
>> Let's get started.
>> Awesome, see you in the classroom.
>> Let's jump in.